Edits to README (#172)
krlmlr/dm: README_brief.Rmd

- all information is organized by topic and segmented into smaller tables that are easier to handle 

Separation of data, thus, helps with data quality, and explains the continuing popularity of relational databases in production-level data management.

The downside of this approach is that it is harder to merge together information from different data sources and to identify which entities refer to the same object, a common task when modelling or plotting data. To be mapped uniquley, the entities would need to be designated as _keys_, and the separate tables collated together through a process called _joining_. 

In R, there already exist packages that support handling inter-linked tables but the code is complex and requires multiple command sequences. 

The goal of the {dm} package is to simplify the data management processes in R while keeping the advantages of relational data models and the core concept of splitting one table into multiple tables.

In this way, you can have the best of both worlds: manage your data as a collection of linked tables, then flatten multiple tables into one for an analysis with {dplyr} or other packages, on an as-needed basis.

> Although {dm} is built upon relational data models, it is not a database itself. Therefore, it can copy data [from and to databases](https://krlmlr.github.io/dm/articles/dm.html#copy), and work transparently with both  relational database systems and in-memory data.

Reviewer: Have we already introduced `dm` objects?

```suggestion
Although {dm} is built upon relational data models, it is not a database itself.
It can work transparently with both relational database systems and in-memory data, and copy data [from and to databases](https://krlmlr.github.io/dm/articles/dm.html#copy).
```

```

With the {dm} package, you would create [a `dm` object](https://krlmlr.github.io/dm/articles/dm-class-and-basic-operations.html), and after that be able to use the links between the tables as often as you wish, without explicitly referring to the relations ever again.

For the example data set, you can use `cdm_nycflights13() `to create the `dm` object, and a single command for merging the tables. The task of joining the four `flights`, `airlines`, `planes` and `airports` tables then boils down to:

``````{r dm}
library(dm)

cdm_nycflights13() %>%
  cdm_flatten_to_tbl(start = flights)
```

The example data in {nycflights13} is integrated in `dm` and comes with preset primary and foreign keys to identify the common points between the tables. For data other than the example data, the `dm` object would need to be created by using the `dm()` constructor. 

## Features

The {dm} package helps with the challenges that arise with working with relational data models.

### Compound object

The `dm` class manages several related tables.
It stores both the **data** and the **metadata** in a compound object, and defines operations on that object.

> These operations either affect the data (e.g., a filter), or the metadata (e.g., definition of keys or creation of a new table), or both.

Reviewer: Can we move the data and metadata bullets before this sentence, and do something like:

```suggestion
Operations on `dm` objects either affect the data (e.g., a filter), or the metadata (e.g., definition of keys), or both (e.g., creation of a new table).
```
